>> Kyle Simpson: All right, let's try
to work on an exercise about these so
called template literals or interval
literals, how we are on to refer to them.
And specifically, we're going to
work with tagged interpret literals.
So, here's you're going to be
building your own tag function.
You'll see that it's called upper and
you're gonna be using upper to make sure
that a string drops in these three
variables, the name, twitter and
topic as you see here.
But the purpose of upper is not
just to combine the string but
to upper case the values only.
So you can see that your console.log
statement here should end up printing true
because your string should end up
equaling the string that you see there.
So in effect, that is your test case,
make sure the console.log prints true.
Define your upper tag function and then
make sure to tag that interval literal and
drop in the expressions as
you saw in the lecture.
So we'll come back in a couple of minutes
and talk through the solution, if you get
stuck on this, feel free to always take
a look at the solution file in ex.fixed.js